Explain raw messaging using NServiceBus V8 (#5391)
Particular/docs.particular.net: nservicebus/rawmessaging/index_content_RawMessaging_[1,4).partial.md

> `NServiceBus.Raw` allows sending and receiving raw messages using the [NServiceBus transport infrastructure](/transports/). It is flexible in terms of message manipulation, therefore it is a good fit for integrations with 3rd party systems, building gateways and bridges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`NServiceBus.Raw` allows sending and receiving of raw messages using the [NServiceBus transport infrastructure](/transports/). It is flexible in terms of message manipulation, therefore it is a good fit for integrations with 3rd party systems, building gateways, and bridges.
```

## Configuration

Configuration of raw endpoints is similar to the standard NServiceBus [endpoint configuration](/nservicebus/endpoints/specify-endpoint-name.md):

snippet: Configuration

## Sending

The following code sends a message to another endpoint:

snippet: Sending

## Receiving

The following code implements the callback invoked when a message arrives at a raw endpoint:

snippet: Receiving

> Notice the method gets a `dispatcher` object which can be used to send messages. The transport transaction object can be passed from the receiving context to the dispatcher, in order to ensure transactions span both send and receive. Make sure that the underlying transport infrastructure supports the [`SendsAtomicWithReceive` mode](/transports/transactions.md#transactions-transport-transaction-sends-atomic-with-receive) when using this option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice the method gets a `dispatcher` object which can be used to send messages. The `TransportTransaction` object can be passed from the receiving context to the dispatcher, in order to ensure transactions span both send and receive operations. It's important to ensure that the underlying transport infrastructure supports the [`SendsAtomicWithReceive` mode](/transports/transactions.md#transactions-transport-transaction-sends-atomic-with-receive) when using this option.
```
